believe me I did a stand up show
I was there for a church about 20 days ago.
I already attend church, I can speak
So everything I said here I said in the
church show and you can laugh without
guilt because they laughed and kagawa gave
must have some gospel here is my
family I got to church
evangelical enough time who
that can not be a disease can be
can assume a good churches is ball of
snow on the snowball
I will not talk in church church church
channels
I know snowball people who already
I talked to Jesus, I'm talking right.
you are normal abnormal slutty I like
I really like churches.
I'm asking you, do you play ball?
with the church crowd, do not play with
This one, I'm sorry.
alisson alisson confirms to me
prove that I'm not lying which is the
only rule that differentiates football
normal football evangelical has a
Any rule can not be cursing, it's fine.
This is it because I played ball
with the church guys confirm it to me
The goalkeeper so I do not look like I am
liar I'm talking I'm just telling
story is real
God is playing ball with the crowd.
church I'm playing ball can not
and I was very good prey I'm
playing ball, left a ball for me
the pastor who was on the attack playing
me against the goalkeeper on that
easy ball if I pass the ball with the
pastor he did it without a keeper
I thought not
God will bless me and I'll take a
screw on the angle kill I got my ear
I played on the flag of
corner kick
I looked at the pastor. He 's red from
Anger I thought our good that no
can cheat black
He turned me to fucking life for the
mercy is not evil like this